Use Cases.md, before:

# Use Cases

JJAK  
488 Capstone Project  
Dr. Na  
1/26/2020  

Login  
BASIC COURSE:  
The first time starting the application on their phone, players will be greeted with a Login Page. This page will contain a small game icon, and two text boxes; one labeled Username and one Password. The user enters their login credentials and click the button “Login” to attempt to login. The computer then searched the database for the proper account information, and they will be given access to the game.   

ALTERNATE COURSE:  
User gives invalid credentials: The Interface will reject the user with an Error that prompts them to try again up to a preset limit before locking them out. They are also given the option to add a new account using the “Sign Up” button.
User has previously logged into the game: The home page will appear instead of the login page.


Create Character  
BASIC COURSE:  
In the Character Creation page, players can customize a pre-made character with different attributes. The player first types in a name, then selects a class from the drop down menu. They then have 10 attributes to apply to their character in any order. They select the up and down arrows to assign or unassign points. The player hits “Confirm” button to save the settings and enter the game. 

ALTERNATE COURSE:  
Too many attributes are selected: The arrows will not allow the user to select less than 0 or more than 10 attributes total. They will be grayed out, along with the “Confirm” button until the right number are selected. 
Name is too long: After 12 Characters are entered, the text box will not allow any more info to be entered. If the characters are not allowed, the box will blink red.  
Class is not selected:  The “Confirm” button will be grayed out.


New Game  
BASIC COURSE:  
To start a new game, the player hits “New Game” in the main menu; this sends them to the “Create a Character” page. When they enter the details and hit “Confirm”, they are sent to the “Game menu” page. In this menu, they can find a random match by clicking “Find Match” or check their current team by clicking “Team”. In random math, players are automatically assigned to a game that immediately starts.

ALTERNATE COURSE:  
User selects Team: The player is sent to a team page where they can view their current team. They can leave this page by clicking hitting “Quit”.  
User selects Quit: The player is sent to the home menu.   

Load Game  
BASIC COURSE:  
To load a saved game, the player hits “Load Game” in the main menu; this sends them to the “Game selection” page. On this page, they are presented with a list of previous games that they can re-enter. After selecting a game, the game starts immediately.

ALTERNATE COURSE:  
User has no saved games: The list of available games is empty and they only have the option to hit the back button.  

Tutorial  
BASIC COURSE:  
The tutorial starts immediately the first time a player creates an account. They are sent to the “Create a Character” page where they are guided through a process that outlines character creation and creates a generic team. All the user can hit is “Confirm”. They are then sent to the “Game menu” page where they can select “Find Match” or “Quit”. After hitting “Find Match” they enter into a new game and must follow all prompts in order to continue.  

ALTERNATE COURSE:  
User selects any other button: The other buttons are grayed out and do not function.  
User selects Quit: The player is sent to the home menu.

Commit message:

Update Use Cases.md
Removed new game and load game use cases. Added Character Selection.

Use Cases.md, after:

# Use Cases

JJAK  
488 Capstone Project  
Dr. Na  
1/26/2020  

Login  
BASIC COURSE:  
The first time starting the application on their phone, players will be greeted with a Login Page. This page will contain a small game icon, and two text boxes; one labeled Username and one Password. The user enters their login credentials and click the button “Login” to attempt to login. The computer then searched the database for the proper account information, and they will be given access to the game.   

ALTERNATE COURSE:  
User gives invalid credentials: The Interface will reject the user with an Error that prompts them to try again up to a preset limit before locking them out. They are also given the option to add a new account using the “Sign Up” button.
User has previously logged into the game: The home page will appear instead of the login page.


Create Character  
BASIC COURSE:  
In the Character Creation page, players can customize a pre-made character with different attributes. The player first types in a name, then selects a class from the drop down menu. They then have 10 attributes to apply to their character in any order. They select the up and down arrows to assign or unassign points. The player hits “Confirm” button to save the settings and enter the game. 

ALTERNATE COURSE:  
Too many attributes are selected: The arrows will not allow the user to select less than 0 or more than 10 attributes total. They will be grayed out, along with the “Confirm” button until the right number are selected. 
Name is too long: After 12 Characters are entered, the text box will not allow any more info to be entered. If the characters are not allowed, the box will blink red.  
Class is not selected:  The “Confirm” button will be grayed out.


Character Selection  
BASIC COURSE:  
After logging in, the player is displayed three character slots. Character slots are filled with any characters the player has created previously. Slots that are not filled, show a button that says “Create a Character”. By clicking a chracter, a more detailed character page is displayed detailing the specific characters stats and "Confirm" and "Return" buttons. By clicking the "Confirm" button, the player is shown the "Adventure Menu" page.

ALTERNATE COURSE:  
User selects Create a Character: The player is sent to the Character a Creation page.  
User selects Return: The player is returned to the character slots.  


Tutorial  
BASIC COURSE:  
The tutorial starts immediately the first time a player creates an account. They are sent to the “Create a Character” page where they are guided through a process that outlines character creation and creates a generic team. All the user can hit is “Confirm”. They are then sent to the “Game menu” page where they can select “Find Match” or “Quit”. After hitting “Find Match” they enter into a new game and must follow all prompts in order to continue.  

ALTERNATE COURSE:  
User selects any other button: The other buttons are grayed out and do not function.  
User selects Quit: The player is sent to the home menu.
